# Main scripts to test emergent properties

* `test_em_prop_nm1.R`: This scripts runs the first null model while preserving the number of interaction events observed on each triad.

* `test_em_prop_nm1_sc.R`: It runs the first null model, but preserves the level of sampling completeness rather than the number of interaction events. On top of loading interaction data, it also requires a table generated by `habitat_sc.R` which details how many interaction events are necessary to sample to preserve sampling completeness for each triad.

* `test_em_prop_nm2.R`: This scripts runs the second null model, i.e., preserves the plant community richness. The number of interaction events is also conserved.

* `test_em_prop_nm2_sc.R`: It runs the second null model, but preserves the level of sampling completeness. On top of loading interaction data, this script also requires a table generated by `habitat_sc_same_plcomsize.R` (in the `sampling_completeness` folder) to inform the program on candidate monads to use for the null triads. Note it also requires `iNEXT` R package.

In this category, all scripts evaluate some network properties on null triads, ranging from connectance to functional diversity, including a phylogenetic analysis (requiring `ape` R package).

Finally, `obs_metrics.R` calculates and saves the network metrics for the observed food webs in each sites (monads, dyads, triads) ; `figures_nm_metrics.R` displays the results within diverse figures, including those presented in the manuscript and the extended data.

